Hundreds of morning commuters in Boston were delayed today after a truck crashed on an elevated highway over subway and rail tracks.

The box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am, and both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.

As officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming.

Scroll down for video 

Aerieal shot: Hundreds of morning commuters in Boston were delayed today after a truck crashed on an elevated highway over subway and rail tracks

Overhanging: The box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am, and both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries

Carol Hullum, who lives near the crash site, said the collision caused headaches for locals trying to get to work.

'I was just thinking too that the commuter rail is finally on time again, and now the poor people got on the train and now they're going to be delayed again,' she told WHDH News. 

On the highway there were also massive delays.

Commuter woes: As officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long lines forming

Even after the truck was towed by crane at about 8:30am, traffic remained backed up in both directions.  

The truck driver was identified as a 57-year-old Woburn man and the car driver was a 42-year-old Attleboro man. 

However, no names were released. 

State troopers are still investigating the incident and no charges have been filed.   

@highlight

The box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am

@highlight

Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries

@highlight

As officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers

@highlight

On the highway there were also massive delays 