They're the fastest-growing nutrition bar in the U.S. with sales topping $100 million.

But the FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be.

Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium.

However, upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact 'misbranded'.

Mislabeled? The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be

Indeed, Daily Mail Online calculated that one KIND bar flavor - not included in the FDA investigation - contains more calories, fat and sodium than a Snickers bar.

A 40g Honey Smoked BBQ KIND Bar - marketed as 'bold and all-natural' - contains 230 calories, 16gms of fat and 125mgs of sodium.

Meanwhile, an equivalent serving of Snickers contains 190 calories, 9gms of fat and 91mgs of sodium.

In response, a spokesperson for KIND highlighted that nuts are to blame for the imbalance.

'Nuts, key ingredients in many of our snacks and one of the things that make fans love our bars, contain nutritious fats that exceed the amount allowed under the FDA’s standard. 

'This is similar to other foods that do not meet the standard for use of the term healthy, but are generally considered to be good for you like avocados, salmon and eggs.'.

However, New York University nutritionist Marion Nestle told Today.com that said the problem is not nuts and it's the 'hidden' sugary ingredients that have to change.

KIND Bar: Honey Smoked BBQ (40g)

Calories: 230

Fat: 16gm

Sodium:125mg

Protein: 10g

Snickers Bar (40g)

Calories: 190 

Fat: 9gm

Sodium: 91mg

Protein: 3g

'KIND bars are candy bars making health claims, and thereby marketing them as healthy snacks,'  Nestle said.

The four KIND bars highlighted in the FDA case include the Almond & Apricot, Almond & Coconut, Peanut Butter Dark Chocolate  and Dark Chocolate Cherry Cashew.

On April 14 KIND posted a note on its website stating that it was 'moving quickly to comply' with the FDA's request.

'We're also taking it upon ourselves to conduct a thorough review of all of our snack food labels and website information to ensure that they're compliant,' the message continued.

While labeling readjustments will be made to certain bars, KIND reassures fans that recipes will remain the same.

It added: 'We couldn’t be more proud of our snack foods and their nutritional benefits. 

'Our entire line of delicious snacks made with high quality ingredients like whole grains, nuts and seeds will continue to be available wherever KIND is sold.' 

KIND bars,  the brainchild of New York salesman Daniel Lubetzky, first hit the market in 2004.

The clear-packaged snacks quickly became a hit with consumers and sales soared from $15 million in 2008 to nearly $120 million in 2012, according to Fortune.

In a bid to expand into the health food market further, Lubetzky came up with a granola-like cereal called 'healthy grain clusters'..

There's said to be 'a multitude of new recipes' in the pipeline too.

@highlight

FDA Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium

@highlight

However, upon closer inspection it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims'

@highlight

Daily Mail Online calculated that one KIND bar flavor - not included in the FDA investigation - contains more calories and fat than a Snickers bar

@highlight

New York University nutritionist, Marion Nestle, likened KIND bars to candy